docs: add localized date content to date picker (#3561)
carbon-design-system/carbon-website: src/pages/components/date-picker/usage.mdx

#### Date format

- When using a simple date input include the date format in parentheses inline
  with the label or as helper text below the label.

> - When using calendar picker the date format will be automated if the user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When using the calendar picker, the date format will be automated if the user
```

</Column>
</Row>

- The date format can be displayed differently depending on your location. For
  example, some countries use month/day/year while others use year/month/day.

>   The date picker uses flat picker, which accepts a date format and locale prop
>   that allows you to change how the date is displayed and lets you change the
>   language of the calendar. Localizing static dates in the same UI is also

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The date picker utilizes [flatpickr](https://flatpickr.js.org/), which accepts `dateFormat` and `locale` props
  that allow you to change how the date is displayed and lets you change the
  language of the calendar. Localizing static dates in the same UI is also
```
